Add type/field policy code splitting docs section (#6766)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/caching/advanced-topics.mdx

```

For more advanced usage, such as persisting the cache when the app is in the background, and additional configuration options, please check the [README of `apollo-cache-persist`](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-cache-persist).

## Code splitting

> Depending on the complexity and size of your cache type/field policies, you might not always want to define them up front, when you create your initial `InMemoryCache` instance. If you have type/field policies that are only needed in a specific part of your application, you can leverage `InMemoryCache`'s `.policies.addTypePolicies()` method to adjust your cache policy map at any point. This can be really useful when leveraging techniques like route based code-splitting, using a tool like [`react-loadable`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-loadable).

Reviewer: I would recommend documenting ["Loadable Components"](https://github.com/gregberge/loadable-components) instead since `react-loadable` is more or less unmaintained and the official React docs have moved on with their suggestion: https://reactjs.org/docs/code-splitting.html#reactlazy

Author: Great point @bwhitty! These docs were carried over / modified from the AC 2.x docs, so they definitely need to be updated further. Thanks!

```

For more advanced usage, such as persisting the cache when the app is in the background, and additional configuration options, please check the [README of `apollo-cache-persist`](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-cache-persist).

## Code splitting

> Depending on the complexity and size of your cache type/field policies, you might not always want to define them up front, when you create your initial `InMemoryCache` instance. If you have type/field policies that are only needed in a specific part of your application, you can leverage `InMemoryCache`'s `policies.addTypePolicies()` method to adjust your cache policy map at any point. This can be really useful when leveraging techniques like route based code-splitting, using something like `react-loadable`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on the complexity and size of your cache type/field policies, you might not always want to define them up front, when you create your initial `InMemoryCache` instance. If you have type/field policies that are only needed in a specific part of your application, you can leverage `InMemoryCache`'s `.policies.addTypePolicies()` method to adjust your cache policy map at any point. This can be really useful when leveraging techniques like route based code-splitting, using a tool like [`react-loadable`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-loadable).
```

Let's say we're building a messaging app and have a `/stats` route that is used to return the total number of messages stored locally. If we use `react-loadable` to load our `Stats` component like:

```jsx
import Loadable from 'react-loadable';

import Loading from './components/Loading';

export const Stats = Loadable({
  loader: () => import('./components/stats/Stats'),
  loading: Loading,
});
```

and wait until our `Stats` component is called to add a new type/field policy (using `cache.policies.addTypePolicies()`):

```jsx:title=Stats.jsx
import React from "react";

> import { gql, useApolloClient, useQuery } from "@apollo/client";
> import gql from "graphql-tag";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import { useApolloClient, useQuery, gql } from "@apollo/client";
```

const GET_MESSAGE_COUNT = gql`
  {
    messageCount @client {
      total
    }
  }
`;

const newPolicy = {
  Query: {
    fields: {
      messageCount() {
        // calculate and return the number of messages stored locally ...
        return {
          total: 123,
        };
      },
    },
  },
};

export function Stats() {
  const client = useApolloClient();

>   client.cache.policies.addTypePolicies(newPolicy);

Reviewer 2: I'd like to avoid re-adding the policies every time the component is rendered. I realize the component function gives us access to the client/cache, but maybe we can come up with a better pattern here? Maybe keep a `Set` of cache instances that we've seen, and only add the policies when we haven't seen this cache before?

Author: Sure thing @benjamn, I'l adjust. Thanks!

Reviewer 3: Would be great the best practice here. We could use `useEffect` with no dependencies too.

Reviewer 4: I wonder how that relates to t[his comment](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-client/issues/7901#issuecomment-807179241) (that the query gets fired before to policies are loaded, unless you use a lazy query).

Reviewer 5: Thanks for the link @coler-j, the effect may be the reason why I was seeing the failure in the issue I opened (as you linked). This is our hook that adds type policies: https://github.com/magento/pwa-studio/blob/develop/packages/peregrine/lib/hooks/useTypePolicies.js#L29.

>   const { loading, data: { messageCount } } = useQuery(GET_MESSAGE_COUNT);

Reviewer 2: Since `data` can be undefined, we either need to avoid destructuring it, or provide a default `= {}` expression.

Author: I'll fix @benjamn - thanks!
